docs(caching): updating the cache configuration with redis (#2703)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/techniques/caching.md

#### Different stores

> This service takes advantage of [cache-manager](https://github.com/node-cache-manager/node-cache-manager) under the hood. The `cache-manager` package supports a wide-range of useful stores, for example, [Redis store](https://github.com/node-cache-manager/node-cache-manager-redis-yet) official package for node-cache-manager. A full list of supported stores is available [here](https://github.com/node-cache-manager/node-cache-manager#store-engines). To set up the Redis store, requires `registerAsync()` , since the store factory is initializing the connection to redis and only then returning the instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This service takes advantage of [cache-manager](https://github.com/node-cache-manager/node-cache-manager) under the hood. The `cache-manager` package supports a wide-range of useful stores, for example, [Redis store](https://github.com/node-cache-manager/node-cache-manager-redis-yet) official package for node-cache-manager. A full list of supported stores is available [here](https://github.com/node-cache-manager/node-cache-manager#store-engines). To set up the Redis store, use the `registerAsync()` method to initialize the store, as follows:
```

```typescript

> import type { RedisClientOptions } from 'redis';

Reviewer 2: `RedisClientOptions` isn't being used

Author: Updated, thanks for reporting and reviewing!

import { redisStore } from 'cache-manager-redis-yet';
import { Module } from '@nestjs/common';
import { CacheModule, CacheStore } from '@nestjs/cache-manager';
import { AppController } from './app.controller';

@Module({
  imports: [
    CacheModule.registerAsync({
      useFactory: async () => {
        const store = await redisStore({
          socket: {
            host: 'localhost',
            port: 6379,
          },
        });

        return {
          store: store as unknown as CacheStore,

>           ttl: 60 * 60 * 24 * 7,  // 1 week

Author: ```suggestion
          ttl:  5 * 1000 // milliseconds
``` 
With the cache manager v5 the TTL and in milleseconds we do 5 * 1000 with written here: https://github.com/node-cache-manager/node-cache-manager  ?

>           ttl: 60 * 60 * 24 * 7,  // 1 week

Author: ```suggestion
          ttl: 3 * 60000,  // 3 minutes (milliseconds)
```

>           ttl: 60 * 60 * 24 * 7,  // 1 week

Author: I set it to 3 minutes
